Launcher.java
 Launcher
org/jointheleague/features/examples/third_features/plain_old_java_objects/cat_facts_api/CatWrapper.java
 org.jointheleague.features.examples.third_features.plain_old_java_objects.cat_facts_api.CatWrapper
org/jointheleague/features/help_embed/plain_old_java_objects/help_embed/HelpEmbed.java
 org.jointheleague.features.help_embed.plain_old_java_objects.help_embed.HelpEmbed
org/jointheleague/features/myfeatures/Video.java
 org.jointheleague.features.myfeatures.Video
org/jointheleague/features/examples/first_features/RandomNumber.java
 org.jointheleague.features.examples.first_features.RandomNumber
org/jointheleague/features/myfeatures/UpdatedHighLow.java
 org.jointheleague.features.myfeatures.UpdatedHighLow
org/jointheleague/features/examples/third_features/plain_old_java_objects/news_api/Source.java
 org.jointheleague.features.examples.third_features.plain_old_java_objects.news_api.Source
org/jointheleague/features/examples/third_features/plain_old_java_objects/news_api/ApiExampleWrapper.java
 org.jointheleague.features.examples.third_features.plain_old_java_objects.news_api.ApiExampleWrapper
org/jointheleague/features/examples/third_features/CatFactsApi.java
 org.jointheleague.features.examples.third_features.CatFactsApi
org/jointheleague/features/examples/third_features/plain_old_java_objects/news_api/Article.java
 org.jointheleague.features.examples.third_features.plain_old_java_objects.news_api.Article
org/jointheleague/features/examples/second_features/HighLowGame.java
 org.jointheleague.features.examples.second_features.HighLowGame
org/jointheleague/features/help_embed/HelpListener.java
 org.jointheleague.features.help_embed.HelpListener
org/jointheleague/features/myfeatures/VideosList.java
 org.jointheleague.features.myfeatures.VideosList
org/jointheleague/features/templates/FeatureTemplate.java
 org.jointheleague.features.templates.FeatureTemplate
org/jointheleague/features/examples/first_features/CurrentTime.java
 org.jointheleague.features.examples.first_features.CurrentTime
org/jointheleague/features/examples/third_features/NewsApi.java
 org.jointheleague.features.examples.third_features.NewsApi
org/jointheleague/features/myfeatures/YoutubeAPI.java
 org.jointheleague.features.myfeatures.YoutubeAPI
org/jointheleague/features/myfeatures/Simple1.java
 org.jointheleague.features.myfeatures.Simple1
org/jointheleague/features/abstract_classes/Feature.java
 org.jointheleague.features.abstract_classes.Feature
org/jointheleague/features/myfeatures/YoutubeWrapper.java
 org.jointheleague.features.myfeatures.YoutubeWrapper
org/jointheleague/features/myfeatures/apifeature/RecipeWrapper.java
 org.jointheleague.features.myfeatures.apifeature.RecipeWrapper
org/jointheleague/features/myfeatures/apifeature/Recipe.java
 org.jointheleague.features.myfeatures.apifeature.Recipe
org/jointheleague/features/myfeatures/apifeature/RecipeAPI.java
 org.jointheleague.features.myfeatures.apifeature.RecipeAPI
org/jointheleague/discord_bot/DiscordBot.java
 org.jointheleague.discord_bot.DiscordBot
